yo what's up everybody jumping here and
today I'm gonna be bringing you a really
quick video just so I can tell you guys
something I finally have done fire
explosion city which I talked about in
the past but that video is going to be
on decays channel it's a live commentary
and it's really super epic so you guys
should definitely go and watch that the
link is in the description and in the
annotations it is really really cool now
one other thing I wanted to tell you
guys now because we talked about it in
the video but slightly the way that we
went ahead and did fire explosion city
was we used for people with flamer not
for people with flamer three people
would flamer and that was two guests
troopers and one borgeous Sentinel and
then I played the detonator and I
actually played at the end 7 Slayer the
Slayer is extremely good I am really
digging him now um and he's really
amazing for detonating explosions
because now you can shoot 5 phase
disruptor switch that can detonate most
explosions and he can charge so pretty
much he can detonate like six explosions
potentially so he's really really really
good another thing too I wanted to bring
up in this video I was think about
making this build because my buddy who's
in that game play name classic cash
really cool guy he classic is like my
friend who is the melee master he's
always doing melee builds and always
doing goofy stuff with melees and what
he was telling me is that one great
thing that the reckoning DLC has done is
to actually include that Batarian
gauntlet he loves it for the Slayer and
when you think about it it makes a lot
of sense the Batarian gauntlet is
fantastic for the Slayer the reason why
is because the Slayers heavy melee was
always really tricky to actually pull
off
it normally you would try to heavy melee
and you go flying past enemies it was
really really annoying so now that he
can use the Batarian gauntlet all you
would ever have to do is charge in do a
heavy melee and if you can get a kill
then you can start doing your light
melee and you would get all that bonus
melee damage and I think I hope at this
point everybody knows that the Slayers
light melee makes him almost invincible
so I was thinking about making it build
with him and showing that off so you
guys can tell me if you want to see that
but you guys should really go ahead and
click the link like I said it's in the
description it's in the annotations and
go watch fire explosion city on decays
channel it's really epic alright thank
you for watching this video please like
it for me please favorite this video for
me and definitely go and subscribe to DK
who's